Adding support for multi-leg routes in CarPlayManager. (#1841)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

# Changes to the Mapbox Navigation SDK for iOS

## master

> * Adding support for multi-leg routes in `CarPlayManager`. ([#1841](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/1841))

Reviewer: Since there is a backwards-incompatible public API change, the change needs to be indicated explicitly:

```suggestion
* Renamed `CarPlayManager.calculateRouteAndStart(from:to:completionHandler:)` to `CarPlayManager.previewRoutes(between:completionHandler:)` and added a `CarPlayManager.previewRoutes(for:completionHandler:)` method that accepts an arbitrary `NavigationRouteOptions` object. ([#1841](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/1841))
```
